bylaws.md, before:

# Bylaws for International Board Gamers
## §1 The Association 

- The name of the association is International Board Gamers. 
- The association has its headquarters in Göteborg, Sweden. 
- This is a non-profit association, religiously and politically independent. 
- The association is registered with Sverok. 
- The goal of the association is to meet new friends by organizing and participating in board games & tabletop games events. 
- The association works according to the principle of equal treatment so that all members may have the same opportunities and abilities to participate in and influence its operations. 
- The association’s business year starts on the 1st of July and ends on the 30th of June. 

## §2 Becoming a member 

- Everyone accepting the association’s bylaws has the right to become a member. 
- One becomes a member by registering membership in writing. 
- The yearly meeting may decide that it is free to become a member or that the association will have a membership fee. 
- If there is a membership fee then it must be paid in full before a person can be counted as a member. 
- Members have the right to receive information about the association, participate and vote during the yearly meeting and be elected as Board Members or Members of the Election Comity. 
- Members must follow the association’s bylaws and rules, keep their contact details updated and show respect to other members. 

## §3 Ending membership 

- Membership is valid until the next yearly meeting but at the minimum until the end of the business year. 
- A member wishing the leave the association earlier shall say so to the Board in writing. The person is then no longer considered a member. 
- A member misbehaving may be suspended by the association’s Board. The next yearly meeting will then decide whether or not the member shall be excluded. 
- A member who is suspended has the right to participate in the yearly meeting and to vote regarding whether or not he or she should be excluded. 
- The Board and yearly meeting may cancel suspensions and exclusions.

## §4 The Board

- The Board is in charge of the association’s money, operations, member list, yearly meeting and everything decided during the yearly meeting. 
- The Board should be composed of at least three people including a Chairman. 
- The Board divides responsibilities among its members. 
- The Board decides which Board Members are allowed to sign contracts in the name of the association. These are called Authorized Signatories. 
- The Board is elected during the yearly meeting and assumes its responsibilities as soon as the meeting is over. 
- Every member of the association can be elected as Member of the Board. 

## §5 The Controller

- The Controller’s assignment is to control the Board’s work and communicate it during the next yearly meeting. 
- The association should have one or two Controllers. 
- Board Members cannot be elected as Controllers. 
- The Controller does not need to be member of the association. 

## §6 The Election Comity

- The association can have an Election Comity. 
- The Election Comity’s assignment is to suggest people for the elections during the yearly meeting. 
- Every member of the association can be elected as Members of the Election Comity. 
- If there is no Election Comity then the Board will be in charge of these tasks. 

## §7 Yearly Meeting

- The yearly meeting will take place at the latest on the 30th of June each year. 
- For the meeting to be considered valid, the members of the association must have been warned in person at least two weeks in advance. The members must be informed of the meeting’s time, location and agenda. 
- If every member in the association accepts it, the meeting may still be considered valid even if the invitations were sent less than two weeks before the meeting date. 
- If the Board, the Controller or at least a fourth of the association’s members wish to do so, the association will organize an additional yearly meeting. It can take place any time during the year. Extra yearly meetings are subject to the same requirements as the regular one when it comes to their validity. During an extra yearly meeting, only the agenda sent in the invitations can be brought up. 
- The following should always be bought up during a regular yearly meeting: 
  - Meeting’s opening 
  - Decision regarding the meeting’s validity
  - Choice of the meeting’s Chairman 
  - Choice of the meeting’s Secretary 
  - Choice of at least one person to proofread the minute after the meeting 
  - Presentation of last year’s operations by the Board 
  - Presentation of last year’s finances by the Board 
  - Presentation of last year’s work from the Board by the Controller(s) 
  - Decision regarding the discharge of last year’s Board 
  - Suggestions from the Board and the members 
  - Decision of the year’s activity plan 
  - Decision of the year’s budget and potential membership fee 
  - Election of the year’s Board Members 
  - Election of the year’s Controller 
  - Election of the year’s Election Comity 
  - Meeting’s closure 

## §8 Vote

- Every member present during the yearly meeting has one vote each. 
- During a vote, the alternative that gathers the most votes wins. 
- If there’s no majority twice in a row then the alternative counts as refused. 
- If the vote is about electing someone and there’s no majority twice in a row, chance will decide. 
- Votes that are not for or against an alternative do not count. 
- Any Board Members participating in Board meetings has the right to vote. 
- During a vote, the alternative that gathers the most votes wins. 
- If there’s no majority twice in a row then the alternative counts as refused. 
- Votes that are not for or against an alternative do not count. 

## §9 Modifying the bylaws

- The association’s bylaws can only be altered during a yearly meeting, if the suggestion to modify them is included in the invitation.
- For the change to take place, there must be at least twice as many votes for the change than against it. 

## §10 Closure

- The yearly meeting can decide that the association will close down. The association cannot be closed down as long as at least three members want to run it. 
- If the association closes down then all of its debts shall be paid and the bank account closed. 
- If the association has money or items left, these shall be donated to a non-profit association with a similar goal or sent back to Sverok.

Commit message:

Rephrase: Yearly meeting -> Annual meeting

bylaws.md, after:

# Bylaws for International Board Gamers
## §1 The Association 

- The name of the association is International Board Gamers. 
- The association has its headquarters in Göteborg, Sweden. 
- This is a non-profit association, religiously and politically independent. 
- The association is registered with Sverok. 
- The goal of the association is to meet new friends by organizing and participating in board games & tabletop games events. 
- The association works according to the principle of equal treatment so that all members may have the same opportunities and abilities to participate in and influence its operations. 
- The association’s business year starts on the 1st of July and ends on the 30th of June. 

## §2 Becoming a member 

- Everyone accepting the association’s bylaws has the right to become a member. 
- One becomes a member by registering membership in writing. 
- The annual meeting may decide that it is free to become a member or that the association will have a membership fee. 
- If there is a membership fee then it must be paid in full before a person can be counted as a member. 
- Members have the right to receive information about the association, participate and vote during the annual meeting and be elected as Board Members or Members of the Election Comity. 
- Members must follow the association’s bylaws and rules, keep their contact details updated and show respect to other members. 

## §3 Ending membership 

- Membership is valid until the next annual meeting but at the minimum until the end of the business year. 
- A member wishing the leave the association earlier shall say so to the Board in writing. The person is then no longer considered a member. 
- A member misbehaving may be suspended by the association’s Board. The next annual meeting will then decide whether or not the member shall be excluded. 
- A member who is suspended has the right to participate in the annual meeting and to vote regarding whether or not he or she should be excluded. 
- The Board and annual meeting may cancel suspensions and exclusions.

## §4 The Board

- The Board is in charge of the association’s money, operations, member list, annual meeting and everything decided during the annual meeting. 
- The Board should be composed of at least three people including a Chairman. 
- The Board divides responsibilities among its members. 
- The Board decides which Board Members are allowed to sign contracts in the name of the association. These are called Authorized Signatories. 
- The Board is elected during the annual meeting and assumes its responsibilities as soon as the meeting is over. 
- Every member of the association can be elected as Member of the Board. 

## §5 The Controller

- The Controller’s assignment is to control the Board’s work and communicate it during the next annual meeting. 
- The association should have one or two Controllers. 
- Board Members cannot be elected as Controllers. 
- The Controller does not need to be member of the association. 

## §6 The Election Comity

- The association can have an Election Comity. 
- The Election Comity’s assignment is to suggest people for the elections during the annual meeting. 
- Every member of the association can be elected as Members of the Election Comity. 
- If there is no Election Comity then the Board will be in charge of these tasks. 

## §7 annual Meeting

- The annual meeting will take place at the latest on the 30th of June each year. 
- For the meeting to be considered valid, the members of the association must have been warned in person at least two weeks in advance. The members must be informed of the meeting’s time, location and agenda. 
- If every member in the association accepts it, the meeting may still be considered valid even if the invitations were sent less than two weeks before the meeting date. 
- If the Board, the Controller or at least a fourth of the association’s members wish to do so, the association will organize an additional annual meeting. It can take place any time during the year. Extra annual meetings are subject to the same requirements as the regular one when it comes to their validity. During an extra annual meeting, only the agenda sent in the invitations can be brought up. 
- The following should always be bought up during a regular annual meeting: 
  - Meeting’s opening 
  - Decision regarding the meeting’s validity
  - Choice of the meeting’s Chairman 
  - Choice of the meeting’s Secretary 
  - Choice of at least one person to proofread the minute after the meeting 
  - Presentation of last year’s operations by the Board 
  - Presentation of last year’s finances by the Board 
  - Presentation of last year’s work from the Board by the Controller(s) 
  - Decision regarding the discharge of last year’s Board 
  - Suggestions from the Board and the members 
  - Decision of the year’s activity plan 
  - Decision of the year’s budget and potential membership fee 
  - Election of the year’s Board Members 
  - Election of the year’s Controller 
  - Election of the year’s Election Comity 
  - Meeting’s closure 

## §8 Vote

- Every member present during the annual meeting has one vote each. 
- During a vote, the alternative that gathers the most votes wins. 
- If there’s no majority twice in a row then the alternative counts as refused. 
- If the vote is about electing someone and there’s no majority twice in a row, chance will decide. 
- Votes that are not for or against an alternative do not count. 
- Any Board Members participating in Board meetings has the right to vote. 
- During a vote, the alternative that gathers the most votes wins. 
- If there’s no majority twice in a row then the alternative counts as refused. 
- Votes that are not for or against an alternative do not count. 

## §9 Modifying the bylaws

- The association’s bylaws can only be altered during a annual meeting, if the suggestion to modify them is included in the invitation.
- For the change to take place, there must be at least twice as many votes for the change than against it. 

## §10 Closure

- The annual meeting can decide that the association will close down. The association cannot be closed down as long as at least three members want to run it. 
- If the association closes down then all of its debts shall be paid and the bank account closed. 
- If the association has money or items left, these shall be donated to a non-profit association with a similar goal or sent back to Sverok.
